

                                        COVERING LETTER
                                        
To,
The Visa Officer,
British High Commission,
New Delhi, India.
I am Mr. Nagendra Rao Mudragada bearing Indian passport no: R2031018. I along with my wife Mrs. Sujatha Mudragada (AJ442462) & daughter Ms. Sai Chaya Mounika Mudragada (P9980495) are planning to visit the UK. My eldest daughter, Dr Sreevathsavi Mudragada, during her first pregnancy and during the post-partum period. She’s due on 11th February. She’s having an elective C-section which takes few weeks to recover. She also suffers with low mood and anxiety and she’s under care of the peri-natal mental health team for this. We feel, she could use our support during this time. 

My Son-In-Law, Dr Kalyan Chakravarthy Kopparthy, is a full-time working GP and my daughter in GP training. They will be taking care of all our expenses in the UK including accommodation, food, travel, medical, insurance and all other personal expenses during our stay in United Kingdom. We intend to stay for 6 months. 

After our return to India, we will be maintaining our property and look after my mother. We’ll include all the supporting documents to the visa application.

By Profession I am a RETIRED POLICE COMMANDANT, receiving pension of Rs. 91,690/- from the Government of Andhra Pradesh for the same, documents pertaining to the same were enclosed along with my visa application for your reference. During our visit to the UK, we would be staying along with them only at below mentioned address.

1 Basilica Place, Chester,  United Kingdom, CH4 7GL

During our visit to the UK, our Food & Accommodation will be taken care by our Son-in-law Mr. Kalyan Chakravarthy Kopparthy and for rest all expenses towards our trip I have sufficient funds in my Bank account to take care of my expenses while I am in the UK. Documents like my Personal Bank statement and IT returns along with my Inviter Documents were enclosed along with my visa application for your perusal. I will make sure that we will return to our home country at the end of our stay since I need to take care of my family and my Properties in India. I request your kind office to issue necessary visa to me and my family members to facilitate our travel to the UK.

My Previous visa application to the UK was refused on following points.

1. My letter states that my travel dates are from 20.01.26 to 27.02.26 and my Invitation letter states the travel dates as 20.01.2026 to 10.07.2026.

Explanation : We have decided to stay only for 30-35 days in the UK and come back since we need to take care of my mother and our properties in India. Now since the letter contradicts the statement we are applying to stay for 6 months but we might come back before that also if our daughter recover fast and get well soon since in India we need to take care of our properties and My mother. I have enclosed my mother Aadhar card copy along with our documents for your reference.

I have retired on 30.11.2025 and I was received Retirement Bonus of Rs.35,90,368/- from my Department which was credited in my account. Out of which 18 lacs is currently available in my Bank account and Rs.20 lacs as Fixed deposit and Rs.5 lacs was paid towards my Car loan. 

I hereby confirm you that I do not have any Intentions to stay back in the UK. I am genuine visitor the UK and also confirm you that as a home ties I have properties on myself, notary document for the same were enclosed along with my visa application for your reference. I need to take care of my properties and my mother in India.

For any clarifications feel free to contact me on @ +91 90107 00345 or email me on info@revajourneys.com or you can even contact my Inviter on +44 73413 34198 or email on kopparthykalyan@gmail.com 


Regards,

NAGENDRA RAO MUDRAGADA
